table: add onClick support to table-row (#1994)
agriculturegovau/agds-next: packages/react/src/table/docs/overview.mdx

	</TableWrapper>
</Stack>
```

> ## Table row ‘onClick’

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Clickable rows
```

Author: Committed in [45270b](https://github.com/agriculturegovau/agds-next/pull/1994/commits/45270bf82220de5b638e2f31911e4879852809b8)

> The `<TableRow>` component accepts a callback function that will run when the table row or cell is clicked. Refer to the [Table accessibility document](/components/table/accessibility#tablerow-and-onclick) for further information.

Author: Committed in [45270b](https://github.com/agriculturegovau/agds-next/pull/1994/commits/45270bf82220de5b638e2f31911e4879852809b8)

> To prevent the table row callback from executing unintentionally, the clicked target is checked and will only run the callback if the target is a `<th>`, `<tr>` or `<td>`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To prevent the table row callback from executing unintentionally, it will only run the clicked target is a `<td>`, `<th>` or `<tr>`.
```

Author: Committed in [8e975b](https://github.com/agriculturegovau/agds-next/pull/1994/commits/8e975b987c9ea08935a97ce064686629d4fa26da)

```jsx live
() => {
	const [selectedRows, setSelectedRows] = React.useState([]);
	const [targetedElement, setTargetedElement] = React.useState(null);
	const [toggleButtonState, setToggleButtonState] = React.useState({});

	function toggleRowSelection(rowIndex) {
		setTargetedElement('Checkbox');
		if (selectedRows.includes(rowIndex)) {
			setSelectedRows((r) => r.filter((s) => s !== rowIndex));
		} else {
			setSelectedRows((r) => [...r, rowIndex]);
		}
	}

	const anyRowsChecked = selectedRows.length > 0;
	const allRowsChecked = selectedRows.length === 3;

	function toggleAllRows() {
		if (anyRowsChecked) {
			setSelectedRows([]);
		} else {
			setSelectedRows([0, 1, 2]);
		}
	}

	function clickToggleButton(index) {
		setTargetedElement('ToggleButton');
		setToggleButtonState((prev) => ({
			...prev,
			[index]: index in prev ? !prev[index] : true,
		}));
	}

	return (
		<Stack gap={2}>
			<Box>
				<H3>Table onClick events</H3>

> 				<Text as="p">

Reviewer: ```suggestion
				<Text aria-live="polite" as="p">
```

Author: Committed in [45270b](https://github.com/agriculturegovau/agds-next/pull/1994/commits/45270bf82220de5b638e2f31911e4879852809b8)

					{targetedElement

> 						? `onClick event called for <${targetedElement} />`

Author: Modified existing state to object with element and index in [45270b](https://github.com/agriculturegovau/agds-next/pull/1994/commits/45270bf82220de5b638e2f31911e4879852809b8)

						: 'No element detected, click on the table row to identify the clicked elements region.'}
				</Text>
			</Box>

			<Stack>
				<Box paddingBottom={0.75} paddingLeft={0.75} borderBottom>
					<Checkbox
						checked={allRowsChecked}
						indeterminate={anyRowsChecked && !allRowsChecked}

> 						onChange={() => toggleAllRows()}

Reviewer: ```suggestion
						onChange={toggleAllRows}
```

Author: Committed in [45270b](https://github.com/agriculturegovau/agds-next/pull/1994/commits/45270bf82220de5b638e2f31911e4879852809b8)

	</TableWrapper>
</Stack>
```

## Clickable rows

> The `<TableRow>` component accepts an optional, `onClick` callback function that will run when the table row or cell is clicked. Refer to the [Table accessibility document](/components/table/accessibility#tablerow-and-onclick) for further information.

Reviewer: the Table accessibility document? I think we need something clearer/better here

Author: I've changed it to `Refer to the [accessibility guidance for clickable rows]`

Reviewer: I like the new wording, but should we update the heading in the a11y page to "Guidance for clickable rows"?

```jsx live
() => {
	const [selectedRows, setSelectedRows] = React.useState([]);
	const [target, setTarget] = React.useState(null);
	const [toggleButtonState, setToggleButtonState] = React.useState({});

	function toggleRowSelection(rowIndex) {
		setTarget({ element: 'Checkbox', index: rowIndex });
		if (selectedRows.includes(rowIndex)) {
			setSelectedRows((r) => r.filter((s) => s !== rowIndex));
		} else {
			setSelectedRows((r) => [...r, rowIndex]);
		}
	}

	const anyRowsChecked = selectedRows.length > 0;
	const allRowsChecked = selectedRows.length === 3;

	function toggleAllRows() {
		if (anyRowsChecked) {
			setSelectedRows([]);
		} else {
			setSelectedRows([0, 1, 2]);
		}
	}

	function clickToggleButton(index) {
		setTarget({ element: 'ToggleButton', index: index });
		setToggleButtonState((prev) => ({
			...prev,
			[index]: index in prev ? !prev[index] : true,
		}));
	}

	return (
		<Stack gap={2}>
			<Box>
				<H3>Table onClick events</H3>
				<Text aria-live="polite" as="p">
					{target
						? `onClick event called for <${target.element} /> on row ${
								target.index + 1
						  }.`

> 						: 'No element detected, click on the table row to identify the clicked elements region.'}

Reviewer: Very weird sentence. I'd honestly just have the bare minimum
```suggestion
						: 'No clicked element detected.'}
```
